# Install
```
NeoBundle 'subebe/audio-junkie.vim'
```

# How to use
```
:AudioJunkiePlay [service_name] [channel_name]
:AudioJunkieStop
```

[service_name]

service_name | url
------ | ------
di | http://di.fm
radiotunes | http://radiotunes.com
jazzradio | http://jazzradio.com
rockradio | http://rockradio.com

## Unite
```
:Unite audio-junkie
```

<!--
# Stream
## Digitally Imported
stream_name            | format
---------------------- | -----------
android_low            | 40kbps aac
android                | 64kbps aac
android_high           | 96kbps mp3
android_premium_low    | 40kbps aac
android_premium_medium | 64kbps aac
android_premium        | 128kbps aac
android_premium_high   | 256kbps mp3
public1                | 64kbps aac
public2                | 40kbps aac
public3                | 96kbps mp3
premium_low            | 40kbps aac
premium_medium         | 64kbps aac
premium                | 128kbps aac
premium_high           | 256kbps mp3

## RadioTunes.com
stream_name             | format
----------------------- | -----------
appleapp_low            | 40kbps aac
appleapp                | 64kbps aac
appleapp_high           | 96kbps mp3
appleapp_premium_medium | 64kbps aac
appleapp_premium        | 128kbps aac
appleapp_premium_high   | 256kbps mp3
public1                 | 40kbps aac
public5                 | 40kbps wma
public3                 | 96kbps mp3
premium_low             | 40kbps aac
premium_medium          | 64kbps aac
premium                 | 128kbps aac
premium_high            | 256kbps mp3

## JazzRadio
stream_name             | format
----------------------- | -----------
appleapp_low            | 40kbps aac
appleapp                | 64kbps aac
appleapp_premium_medium | 64kbps aac
appleapp_premium        | 128kbps aac
appleapp_premium_high   | 256kbps mp3
public1                 | 40kbps aac
public3                 | 64kbps mp3
premium_low             | 40kbps aac
premium_medium          | 64kbps aac
premium                 | 128kbps aac
premium_high            | 256kbps mp3

## RockRadio
stream_name            | format
---------------------- | -----------
android_low            | 40kbps aac
android                | 64kbps aac
android_premium_medium | 64kbps aac
android_premium        | 128kbps aac
android_premium_high   | 256kbps mp3
public3                | 96kbps mp3
-->

# Require
mplayer
